Rename Parathreads -> On-demand Parachains (#5858)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/build/build-guide.md

-- although it places more of a burden on the developer of the parachain to perform properly
benchmarks.

:::info What is an on-demand parachain?

On-demand parachains use a "pay-as-you-go" model enabled by Agile Coretime to interact with the

> Relay Chain. On-demand parachains will only produce a block when needed, unlike full parachains,
> which have secured a slot to produce a block at every block of the Relay Chain. When building an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relay Chain. On-demand parachains will only produce a block when needed, unlike full parachains,
which have access to bulk coretime to produce a block at every block of the Relay Chain. When building an
```

on-demand parachain, you will use the same tools (like PDKs) and get all the benefits of building a

> parachain without the cost drawback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parachain without the cost drawback of purchasing bulk coretime.
```
